Updates to contributing docs based on recent pain points (#1370)
ni/nimble: CONTRIBUTING.md

This repository uses [Chromatic](https://www.chromatic.com) to facilitate visual component review, and adds GitHub status checks to the build pipeline. The workflow is as follows:

> 1. The `UI Tests` status check is designed to highlight any visual changes included in the changeset. The developer (that's you!) should review the `UI Tests` status check in Chromatic, and if all changes are intentional or expected, mark the components as **approved**. Please wait until you're nearly ready to submit to do this; if you approve a snapshot and then the appearance changes as a result of PR feedback, the diffs can become confusing.

Author: I've noticed in the button appearance PRs that have gone through several rounds of feedback that it is hard to see a diff between main and the latest proposed changes if the diffs were approved from an intermediate state. I hope this will fix the problem.

Author: I updated this section as discussed in team meeting. We can make further changes to the UI Review policy if needed now that we understand its purpose better.

This repository uses [Chromatic](https://www.chromatic.com) to facilitate visual component review, and adds GitHub status checks to the build pipeline. The workflow is as follows:

1. The `UI Tests` status check is designed to highlight any visual changes included in the changeset. The developer (that's you!) should review the `UI Tests` status check in Chromatic, and if all changes are intentional or expected, mark the components as **approved**. If you approve an initial build and then make further changes to a snapshot, this check will show the difference between those revisions, not between main and the latest revision.

> 2. The `UI Review` status check is designed to collect feedback from UX and visual designers. It shows the difference between the latest revision and main. Rather than blocking PR completion on this feedback, you can also approve this check by validating the story changes yourself. However, you should still demo your changes to relevant designers either in a team meeting or one-on-one. This can happen either before or after the PR completes, as long as designer feedback is addressed promptly. If you don't have access to a designer, please reach out to Nimble team members for help.

Reviewer: May be worth just resummarizing this next week as a few folks were out. In part because I may have been confused and came away with the idea that we were going to want code owners to have to do the UI Review but what's written here sounds more preferable to me (in-terms of reducing the amount code owners need to double check).

Author: Yeah, my understanding of our plan was "no policy changes for now, but let's see if we want to change anything later now that we understand the two checks a little better". I think that was Fred's proposal too but we can re-iterate next week.

}
```

### Code review

This repo follows [the NI code submission workflow](https://ni.visualstudio.com/DevCentral/_wiki/wikis/AppCentral.wiki/15679/Code-Submission-Workflow#) (NI internal link) with some modifications. The general submission flow is:

1. When your code is ready to submit, create a [Draft pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests#draft-pull-requests).
2. Perform a self review of the changes. Ensure they follow conventions and that the status checks are passing.
3. Add a local peer reviewer. If you are new to Nimble, also add the contact from the Nimble team who has been helping you get familiar with the repo.
4. Once those reviewers have approved, mark the PR as "Ready for review". This will add owners to the review.
5. Each file in a pull request requires the approval of at least one of its code owners (though in general for interesting changes we wait for everyone to review). Owners for different files are listed in [`CODEOWNERS`](/.github/CODEOWNERS).

> If a PR requires significant refactoring at any point in this process, please move it back to Draft and re-do the steps before adding owners again.

Reviewer: Once owners (as defined by CODEOWNERS) are added I don't think can be removed even if moved back to draft. It's a slightly annoying minor nit as folks often accidentally create the normal PR and switch to draft so get the notifications anyway.

```suggestion
If a PR requires significant refactoring at any point in this process, please move it back to Draft and re-do the steps before exiting draft.
```
